the Marvel Cinematic Universe begins
with Iron Man 1 Tony Stark is a
billionaire genius weapons developer one
day is captured by terrorists and so he
builds himself a prototype Iron Man suit
busts on out of there you realize that
stark weapons are falling into the wrong
hands so he decides to stop making
weapons and instead make an Iron Man
suit he goes over there fights all the
terrorists but his partner was the one
selling to the terrorists so he builds
his own Iron Man suit these two have a
fight long story short Iron Man wins and
he's like screw secret identities I'm
Iron Man then Nick Fury comes off Sam
Jackson he's like I'm building the
Avengers stay tuned for that later The
Incredible Hulk the generic Hulk
backstory you know it Bruce Banner
blasted with gamma rays when he gets
angry turns into the giant green rage
monster in Iron Man 2 Iron Man's a
superstar but Mickey Rourke over in
Russia builds his own Iron Man suit he
gives this one whips skipping over
Tony's health issues his friend Don
Cheadle grabs an Iron Man suit takes it
to the US military he becomes the war
machine but Mickey Rourke hacks the suit
so Black Widows gotta bust in she's been
posing as Tony's new secretary after his
last one Pepper Potts he started dating
and promoted her to CEO Black Widow
unhak sim so Iron Man and war machine
team-up take out all the drones make
your work shows up with a new whip suit
but they Dragon Ball Z bean battle blast
him and the day is saved next up is Thor
in the magical realm of Asgard lives for
the literal god of thunder from Norse
mythology his brother Loki the god of
mischief convinces him to beat up some
ice trolls but this pisses off his
father Odin so he banishes him down to
earth stripped of his powers Loki sends
down the destroyer to blast up New
Mexico Thor fights him with no powers
gets totally wrecked but that makes him
worthy some house with a hammer flies
back boom thunder powers easily beats up
this thing kisses Natalie Portman flies
up there beats up his brother Loki's
hanging on but then he's like screw you
guys I'm out next is Captain America
Steve Rogers wants to fight in World War
2 but he's a super wimp but he's got a
lot of heart so scientists like hey
we're gonna use you inject you with the
super steroids boom Captain America so
Captain America fighting Nazis but on a
train mission his best friend Bucky
falls into the snow Oh No meanwhile this
Nazi finds the magical blue cube uses it
to make laser guns and he's like yeah
screw Hitler hail Hydra he also did some
super steroids but it backfired and he's
got the Red Skull uh reticles got an
army of laser guns and this playing with
the super laser new garnet so Captain
America busts on there beats him up Auto
pilots too strong only way he can go is
down so he crashes into the Arctic where
in modern times
they defrost him and nick fury's like
you'll welcome to the future
now it's the Avengers shield found the
magic cube so they do some science on it
but boom opened up a portal and Loki
shows up he's got a cool new scepter
uses it to brainwash hot guy takes the
Kuban gets out of there so Nick Fury is
like yo assemble the Avengers
we got Iron Man Captain America Black
Widow goes to find Bruce Banner and they
all hang out on this flying aircraft
carrier look he's doing low-key things
but they bust in and beat him up Thor
comes in though grabs and he's like yo
brother you can't conquer earth not cool
but Iron Man and Thor fight because
they've never met before so Loki's
captured but Hawkeye still brainwashed
comes in there boom explosion makes the
Hulk Hulk out so Thor has to fight the
Hulk black widow on brainwashes Hawkeye
n Agent Coulson dies although he comes
back in the TV show now in New York look
he's opening a portal to space where the
army of jet ski riding aliens come in
they also have space whales so the
Avengers Assemble boom bang pow beat up
all the aliens who grabs Loki BAM puny
God Iron Man grabs a nuke throws it
through the portal that pulls up the
alien mothership luckily all the aliens
were connected to its Wi-Fi they take
Loki to space Jail and after the credits
we see fan OHS who's that he's gonna be
big later Iron Man 3 there's a new
terrorist called the Mandarin
Tony's like you'll come at me bro so he
does blows up his house Tony gets in his
suit though flies away but Iron Man's
out of battery he leaves it with this
kid while he goes old-school style but
the Mandarin turns out is just an actor
the real bad guy is guy Pierce who's got
some complicated plan involving fire
powers dude Tony suit still charging but
then he remembers oh I've got like a
million suits in my garage and they're
all remote-control so he has a fight
with guy Pierce where he switches suits
a bunch of times and dumb story short he
wins
now it's Thor dark world so like the
Dark Elves had the super-powerful ether
Thor needs Loki's help so he busts him
out of jail for a little brother
Adventure Time look he gets himself
killed saving Thor Dark Elves head to
London for the convergence of worlds
gonna use the ether to destroy the
universe or whatever authority he have a
fight but there's a lot of portals and
long story short Thor wins except Odin
has been replaced by Loki oh man what a
trickster and they give the ether to the
collector who's that you'll see now
Captain America the Winter Soldier
Nick Fury assassinated by this guy with
a robot arm
it's the Winter Soldier turns out shield
has been secretly taken over by Hydra so
Captain America big elevator fight has
to bust out of there grabs his new best
friend the Falcon fights the Winter
Soldier but oh it's
best friend Bucky who fell off the train
snow wha turns out he was captured by
Hydra and/or the Russians giving super
steroids and brainwashed Nick Fury
survived so he shoots the main villain
but the helicarrier's have already
launched they're gonna blow up the world
or whatever so Captain America sneaks
onboard reprogram them to blow up each
other he has to fight the Winter Soldier
again but he's like the only you're my
friend Bucky I'm not gonna fight you so
they crash
Bucky saves them and then walks off into
the distance now it's guardians of the
galaxy Peter quill kid in the 80s mom
dies of cancer abducted by aliens grows
up to be the legendary outlaw star-lord
who loves eighties music he finds a
really valuable orb but this bad blue
guy wants it and he's working for Thanos
who has two adopted daughters the blue
one is nebula and the greenland's Gamora
Gamora finds quill first grabs the orb
but Rocket Raccoon and group the tree
are there they're bounty hunting quill
but the cops come and everyone goes to
jail in jail they meet Drax whose family
was killed by the blue guy but the
morons like you I don't even like him in
fact I'm trying to be a good guy now so
they work together to bust out of jail
and they bring the orb to the collector
and he explains about the Infinity
stones super-powerful
stones but they don't have to be stone
shaped the tesseract was one and the
ether was another this one is the power
stone and it is quite volatile just then
the bad guys show up long story short
they take it so blue guy is glowing
purple now about to destroy the planet
but distracted by Peter quill
challenging them to a dance-off while
he's distracted they not lose the Power
Stone bill grabs it and they hold hands
together control it blow up the bad guy
they give it to the Nova Corps ons and
are if that means anything to you Group
saves the team by sacrificing his body
and group survive these baby group now
so cute now Avengers age of Ultron the
Avengers on a mission tracking down
Loki's scepter at this Hydra base where
they also have the super twins
Quicksilver super fast and scarlet
witch's psychic but they get the scepter
realize they could use it to create
artificial intelligence Tony Stark's
like yo let's make a super robot to save
the world but Ultron's like I've got a
better idea I'm gonna destroy the
Avengers he recruits the super twins and
Scarlet Witch messes with their minds
including Bruce Banner so he Hulk's out
starts rampaging the city and Iron Man
has to come in with the Hulkbuster armor
which is mostly effective Ultron finds a
scientist like hey build me a body also
inside Loki's scepter is an infinity
stone the mine stone he puts that on
there just for some extra seasoning
super Tunes realized all Tron's gonna
destroy the world so they turn on and
become good guys the body's flying off
long story short the Avengers get it
only this time we
agreement with my virtual Butler app
Jarvis it works they created a good guy
he names himself vision but Ultron's
gonna lend up the whole town of sokovia
euthanize a media army Avengers fight a
bunch of robots super-sweet slo-mo one
take action scene looks like this one
it's been up long story short they win
but all trying to add another body Oh
nobody shoots Quicksilver all sorry
Quicksilver you are cooler in the x-men
movie anyway Ultron drops the meaty or
so Iron Man and Thor have to double
penetrate it boom blows it up saves the
day Hulk ended up on a plane somehow
Blackwood it was like he'll come on back
now boo cuz she and Bruce Banner kind of
got a romance going but he hangs up on
her cuz Hulk needs some alone time then
they build an Avengers headquarters
where they've got all these new faces
now basically the b-list heroes speaking
of b-list its ant-man Paul Rudd plays
Scott Lang the burglar with the heart of
gold long story short he meets scientist
Hank Pym who invented a Pym particle
which can shrink things down cool but
the bad guy figured it out he's gonna
weaponize it and sell it so he needs
Scott to be ant-man and go steal it
anyway he mission Impossibles in but the
bad guy knew he was coming he puts on
his Yellow Jacket suit they shrink down
have a fight in his daughter's room
which is super epic until you zoom out
pink has a daughter hope long story
short she and Scott fall in love and he
builds his daughter the wasp suit so she
gets to be in the sequel now it's
Captain America Civil War while saving
the world one day the Avengers
accidentally blow up one building so the
United Nations wants to put all sorts of
regulations on them called the sokovia
accords Tony is actually for it he
thinks the accountability is good but
caps like yo we need to be free to do
whatever we want were the Avengers at
the United Nations it's the king of
Wakanda his son the Prince T'Challa but
a bomb explodes oh no who kills his
father who is the bomber
it's the Winter Soldier Captain Bucky
but it's like yo man it's not me I'm
being framed
so captain helps him escape but the
black panther shows up to no one's
surprise if black panther is too jolly
they want to track down the bad guy but
Iron Man shows up he's like you'll cap
you're breaking all the rules you got to
come in and he's got an ally it's
spider-man oh he made it you know
spider-man is Peter Parker we skipped
right over his origin story because
we've seen it a hundred times but now
all the superheroes have chosen a side
and it's a superhero Civil War
highlights ant-man can grow super big
and more machine he gets blasted and oh
no he falls really hard all he survives
but he is legitimately very injured
anyway captain bucky tracking the bad
guy Iron Man's doing it to realizes they
may be right calls a temporary truce but
when they get there they play the
security video of when Tony Stark's
parents died in a car accident but it
wasn't an accident it was an
assassination carried out by Bucky
coughs like yo man he was brainwashed it
doesn't count but tons like no I don't
care so these guys have a big fight and
in the end cap powers down the Iron Man
suit and he's like you'll forget this
I'm retiring now it is Doctor Strange
dr. Stephen strange isn't rock star
surgeon but one day gets in a car
accident and all his hands his surgery
career is over he goes to see this guru
that he heard can heal him and she's
like yeah can heal you by teaching your
magic ball acid trip through the cosmos
he's like yeah teach me magic luckily
he's a fast learner because of all those
years of med school but there's an evil
wizard with some generic evil plan he
attacks the sanctum and dr. strange has
to defend it with the cloak of
levitation long story short they have a
fight in the movie Inception and then
the Guru comes down but she gets stabbed
and she's like Oh dr. strange you got to
leave the Wizards now then he has to fly
into the Dark Dimension where he meets
Dormammu
he's like yo man leave Earth alone
dormammu's like I'm just gonna kill you
immediately but dr. strange comes right
back what's up bro I use this necklace
to create a time loop you're trapped in
this moment with me for all eternity
so drew mom who kills him an infinite
number of times finally he gets bored
he's like alright I'll leave Earth alone
so the day is saved except this one
friend is mad for some reason gonna be
the villain in the next one it turns out
that necklace holds an infinity stone
the time stone now it's guardians of the
galaxy vol 2 they meet this guy named
ego who is Peter quill Space dad wha
turns out he's a super-powerful ancient
celestial he's got a servant named
mantis Drax calls her ugly so watch out
for this romance spot he turns out to be
evil wants to assimilate the universe
they got to go destroy the planet brain
baby groots the only one small enough to
get down there and unfortunately he
really wants to press the wrong button
but when crunch time comes he chooses
right boom blows up the planet of the
sisters by the way of the thing they
mostly agree not to kill each other for
now also baby Groot grows up into
teenage Kurt now spider-man homecoming
after the events of Civil War Tony's
like yo don't be an Avenger just lay low
be a friendly neighborhood spider-man
but he does give him a sweet super suit
with all this cool stark Tech and
spider-man's hanging around doing you
know not much but one day he finds the
vault
splits in half this fairy spider-man
can't hold it together so Iron Man's got
to come save his butt again it's like
okay kid give me back the suit you're
grounded
so Peter Parker asks has crushed a
homecoming towards out her dad is the
vulture though what a coincidence
Bulger beats him up but as he's flying
away his wings were damaged oh he
explodes
spider-man runs in there and Forrest
Gump's him to safety Tony's like hey you
did exactly what I told you not to and
it all worked out you want to be a real
Avenger and he's like yeah man that bad
be cool but I gotta finish high school
first
I'll see you after college now it's Thor
Ragnarok literally the best movie ever
made when he gets back to Asgard Odin's
acting real weird he figures out it's
his brother Loki and they find their dad
out in over in Norway he's like sorry my
sons I'm dying also you have an older
sister named hella who is the goddess of
death
so Odin dies and hella comes out looking
hella fine Thor tries to hammer his
sister but she puts a stop to that and
breaks his hammer no they teleport out
of there but she follows kicks them out
of the Bifrost and Thor crashes down on
trash planet he's picked up by sexy
drunken scavenger Valkyrie had brought
before the Grandmaster he's gonna make
Thor fight as a gladiator and he has to
fight the champion who is the Incredible
Hulk what yes I know that guy but Hulk
wants to fight so these two Duke it out
long story short it's kind of a tie Thor
gets the story on how Hulk crash-landed
here after age of Ultron so Thor goes
down there and plays the Black Widow
message which makes Hulk turn back into
Bruce Banner they got to escape through
the big portal but they need a new ship
so they get Loki to help steal one nice
little brother adventure meanwhile on
Asgard hell has taken over earning her
name the goddess of death but Thor shows
up the challenger gets his eye cut off
what he has a spirit vision with Odin
it's like father I can't beat her
without my hammer he's like what are you
the god of hammers it was like huh yeah
that's right got a thunder boom and Thor
is kickin butt like we've never seen him
before it's sweet unfortunately hellas
basically invincible because she draws
her power from Asgard so Thor's like
wait a second instead of stopping
Ragnarok well it's cause her at Narok
Loki goes and grabs the horns he passes
by the tesseract which he definitely
takes anyway throws the crown in the
flames and it's Ragnarok time baby yeah
yeah this guy beats hella maybe she
survives from infinity war we'll see but
he definitely destroys Asgard but the s
Guardians escaped and they're floating
through space now it's black panther so
T Challa is king of Wakanda a poor
African nation but secretly its
super advanced society because they've
got a bunch of vibranium the King
becomes the black panther by drinking
the flower juice which gives him you
know superpowers two challahs dad died
back in civil war so now they're having
the official traditional king choosing
ceremony which is just formality except
a challenger shows up it's kill monger
his long-lost American cousin he beats
T'Challa and rules our rules kill
longers the new king long story short
T'Challa survived he comes back beats
kill monger and even though kill monger
was a bad dude T'Challa understands
where he's coming from so he agrees to
help the rest of the world with you know
humanitarian aid and stuff now over the
course of all these movies there's been
the overarching plot of the Infinity
stones Thanos has been quietly trying to
collect them but now it's time to take
matters into his own hands so now it's
Avengers infinity war at the end of Thor
Ragnarok Thor's ship was under attack by
none other than big bad daddy
Thanos he's already got the Power Stone
which means he has destroyed Xander and
now he's after the space stone the
tesseract that Loki has he's already
beaten up Thor but now the Hulk wants
some he tries to smash but turns out
they knows isn't easily smashable he
busts out some sig boxing moves and this
guy is stronger than the Hulk
Heimdall teleports The Hulk out of there
so that nose kills him for his death of
the movie and classic Loki hey let me
join you but he's gonna stab him oh but
that oh stops him he's like oh I saw
right through that grabs him and he
kills him what is Loki dead for real
this time maybe
so then O's grabs the space stone and he
pieces out of there down on earth Doctor
Strange hanging out with Wong when crash
it's a half-naked dr. banner
Thanos is calming Tony Stark hanging out
with pepper talking about having a kid
when Doctor Strange shows up Tony's like
wait do we have wizards now he gets the
crash course on Infinity stones they're
the super powerful stones that control
the universe so wherever Doctor Strange
is guarding the time stone
Bruce banners like yo man Thanos is
legit we got to assemble the Avengers
but Tony's like oh that's right you
missed Civil War of the Avengers kind of
broke up just then a spaceship arrives
Thanos has sent some of his goons to get
the time stone Bruce tries to Hulk out
but after his beat down Hulk don't want
to play Tony's like you know whatever I
got this it's a new nano bot Iron Man
suit oh it like ripples down and whoa
nanobots it's got some cool new moves
still needs help from your friendly
neighborhood spider-man
Thanos his other henchmen epidemis as
wizard powers and their have another
magic duel he overpowers Doctor Strange
but he can't take the time stolen
because he put a spell on it it's find
on equip so he beams up Doctor Strange
spider-man decides to tag along but he's
way too high he can't breathe oh I'm
falling down but luckily tony's got a
new suit for him Oh more nanobots and
it's the iron spider
Tony tags along too and now on the ship
Doctor Strange is getting some magic
acupuncture Iron Man comes to save him
boo boom sucked out into space evany Maz
gone and they're like yo let's keep
going to Thanos his homeworld will meet
him there elsewhere in space
it's the guardians of the galaxy they
run into Thor and he tells them all
about alpha anise is gathering the
stones now Gamora knows a lot about
Thanos because she was adopted by him at
a young age his plan is to wipe out half
the population of the universe to
conserve resources or whatever and if he
gets all the Infinity stones he can do
it just like that
Thor's like yo if I'm gonna be danos I
need a new super weapon rocket racoons
like super weapon yeah I'm in so then
Groot go off to do that the other
Guardians go after the reality stone
which was last held by the collector but
they get there it's too late Thanos is
already there amaura jumps in to fight
him and OH stabbed in the neck
what tile that was easy just kidding
it's all an illusion that owes already
has the reality stone and he can now
bend reality to his will seems a little
bit overpowered gamora's like a quill
shoot me so he can't take me prisoner
but he doesn't want to because these two
are in love finally he decides to do it
but just bubbles come out they nose is
like yeah reality stone bra and he
pieces out Drax and mantis by the way
are fine I guess that's just temporary
back on earth the vision has the mind
stone in his head he can look human when
he wants now and he and Scarlet Witch
are totally doing it but he gets stabbed
by some more of thermoses henchmen who
are here after the mine stone Scarlet
Witch like Cho get off my man and they
get some more help from who's this in
the shadows it's Captain America yeah
he's got Black Widow and the Falcon with
him they chased the bad guys away then
go back to avengers headquarters where
they are still wanted from the whole
Civil War thing but they're like now we
don't care about that visions like look
we need to destroy the mine stone so
then those can't get it Scarlet Witch I
think you have the power you could do it
and she's like no it's in your head that
would kill you Bruce Banner is like hey
I think we can remove it and you'll
still live but I don't know
to do that Captain America's like yo I
know someone who might cuz over in
Wakanda they got super advanced
vibranium Tec now on Titan Thanos his
home planet the gang made it fine but
they're immediately ambushed by the
guardians of the galaxy after a bit it's
like wait a second you're human and they
realize they're on the same side
star-lord and iron man argue about whose
plan is better but Doctor Strange uses
the time stone to look ahead into all
possible futures and it's like well how
many do we win and he's like just one
over on Thanos his ship he's got
Kimora's robot sister nebula in
suspended animation turns out he knows
that Gamora knows where the soul stone
is and he's like look tell me you are I
will keep torturing her so she brings
him the soul stone planet where they
face the guardian of the stone what it's
red skull yeah apparently when he
grabbed the tesseract it teleported him
here to be cursed as the guardian of the
soul stone anyway to get the soul stone
you have to sacrifice something you love
and gomorrah's like ha joke's on you you
don't love anything and Thanos is like
well that's not entirely true
bad Felicia throws Gamora off the cliff
turns out he really does love her in his
own weird way and so Kimora is dead ouch
and Thanos gets the soul stone so the
gang makes it to a condo they got King
T'Challa the Black Panther and Bucky
Barnes the winter soldiers there too
fully on brainwashed now they have
little sister sure you try to take out
the mind stone but a spaceship crashes
the bad guys can't get through a
conscious force field luckily they have
an infinite supply of generic CGI
monsters who managed to force their way
through so all the heroes suit up Hulk
still doesn't want to come out so they
give Bruce the Iron Man Hulkbuster armor
and it's big battle time yeah out in
space rocket gives Thor a spare eyeball
he had which as much as I like the
eyepatch probably for the best they meet
up with tyrion lanister king of the
giant space dwarves Thanos was already
here he forced them to make his Infinity
Gauntlet and then killed them all the
clasp on their star Forge is broken so
Thor has to use his super muscles to
flex it back open he takes the full
force of a star which as you can imagine
is quite painful but the new axe is made
successfully unfortunately Tyrion forgot
where he put the handle so groots like
hey I got this he grows his arm out and
boom living wood Groot arm handle cool
battle rages in Wakanda but the heroes
are way outnumbered so boom Bifrost
bridge it's Thor heroes and
it's new Stormbreaker acts he's like yo
what's up Steve these are my new friends
space tree and gun rabbit and with his
power up from Ragnarok and his new axe
Thor is the frontrunner for strongest
Avenger meanwhile Thanos makes it to
Titan the good guys ambushed him but he
is really strong nebula managed to
escape so she crashes down and joins the
fun and with all of them working
together they managed to subdue him for
a minute mantas uses her psychic powers
to calm him down while the guys try to
take the gauntlet off
but when quill realizes that he killed
Gamora he freaks out and starts beating
them which wakes him up and all he's got
the gauntlet back Thanos is real pissed
now so he grabs the moon and throws it
at him this instantly knocks out all of
the second tier heroes but dr. strange
sorcerer supreme is master of the mystic
arts he's got some cool tricks up his
sleeve but fails with the Infinity
stones is just too strong for him round
2 is iron man in his new nano BOTS suit
he's got some sweet moves and Thanos is
like nobody makes me bleed my own blood
but Thanos is still too strong and he
stabs him out he's gonna finish him off
but dr. strange is like wait if you
spare his life I'll give you the time
stone so boom 5 Infinity stones for
Thanos and he pieces out of there Tony
uses his band-aid spray to fix his stab
wound and he's like hey why did you do
that I've seen all the futures trust me
this is the only way back on earth the
battle continues to rage Scarlet Witch
joins the fray and she's actually also
in the running for strongest Avenger but
then it's big bad daddy Thanos he's way
stronger than any of them and with five
Infinity stones it's not even fair
Captain America holds his own for one
second before Thanos knocks him out
so visions like baby you got to destroy
the mind stone right now so she blasts
it with all her power and it works
boohoo mine stone exploded and vision
completely disintegrated but Thanos got
that time stone
let me just undo that real quick and
Yannick pulls out the mine stone
less delicately also kills vision but
now boom Thanos all six Infinity stones
fruity pebble rainbow power Thor shows
up with these new acts and it is a
really powerful axe Oh stab stano's what
stories like yeah you like that I'm the
strongest Avenger but Thanos says like
you should've aimed for the head and oh
it's the snap and those pieces out of
there and it's like wait what does that
mean what happened Oh Bucky Barnes
disintegrating into dust
Black Panther gone Groot gone Scarlet
Witch gone he's killing half the
population in the entire universe
on Titan mantis gone Drax gone star-lord
gone and spider-man Peter Parker I don't
feel so good mr. stark
well he's disintegrated too and this
fulfills Tony's worst nightmare of being
the sole survivor
except nebula she's there too so our
huge cast of heroes has been completely
decimated and Thanos with his life's
work accomplished
can finally rest and that's how Avengers
infinity war comes to an end next up is
ant-man and the wasp after the gut punch
of infinity war this was a fun
light-hearted movie and men and the wasp
team up they fight the ghost who turns
out to be pretty much a good guy but
more importantly they deal with the
quantum realm
hankins wife the original wasp was lost
there when she went way too small one
day so in this movie they tried to go
down there and rescue her and they
succeed but in the after credits scene
they send ant-man back down there to
research quantum stuff and right while
he's inside oh the snap happens and what
he's trapped in the quantum realm you
know that's gonna play a part in endgame
somehow and lastly it's Captain Marvel
long story short Carol Danvers was a
u.s. fighter pilot but an explosion gave
her really strong superpowers I'm
talking Dragon Ball Z super saiyan
strong but she leaves earth because she
needs to use her super powers to save
the rest of the galaxy and that's where
she's been the last 30 years but before
she goes she gives her beeper number to
Nick Fury in case of any real emergency
and he used it for the first time at the
end of infinity war so there you have it
the complete Marvel Cinematic Universe
recap up to endgame
[Music]